STAC-25469: add tracesPerspective to component presentation schema ref (#375)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/custom-integrations/presentation/schemas-ref.adoc

                order: double
                ...

  tracesPerspective:                              # Optional - makes the Traces perspective available
    showTraces: boolean                           # Should the Traces perspective be shown
    spanFilter:                                   # Selects the spans shown in the perspective
      serviceName: [string-template]              # Optional - filter spans by service name
      spanName: [string-template]                 # Optional - filter spans by name
      attributes:                                 # Optional - filter spans by one or more attributes
        <attribute-key>: [string-template]
      spanKind: [Client | Consumer | Internal | Producer | Server | Unspecified]
      spanParentType: [External | Internal | Root]

>       statusCode: [Error | Ok | Unset]

Reviewer: The 3 enums are also optional right?

Author: Yes, added the annotation, thanks.

Defines iconography and naming used across the UI.  Icons can be included by using the `!icon` yaml tag, followed by the path of an icon relative to the `icons/` folder.
E.g. `!icon services/main-menu.svg` can be used when the stackpack includes the file `icons/services/main-menu.svg`.

=== Traces perspective

> The `tracesPerspective` section makes the Traces perspective available on the highlight page of matching components.  When the section is absent, the Traces perspective is not shown for that component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `tracesPerspective` section makes the Traces perspective available on the highlight page of matching components. When the section is absent, the Traces perspective is not shown for that component.
```
Additional comment: I feel the second part of the point ("When the section is absent,") need not be mentioned as it's already implied by the first part of the point, unless I'm missing some understanding here in which case, please ignore this comment.

Author: Thanks. Dropped that sentence.

`spanFilter` selects which spans appear in the perspective.  String-valued fields are string templates: text is taken literally, and any `$\{...}` placeholder is evaluated as a CEL expression against the component, using the same context as metric queries.

[,yaml]
----
serviceName: ["orderService"]                          # literal value
spanName: ["${name}"]                                  # the component name
attributes:
  service.namespace: ["${tags.singleValue('service.namespace')}"]
  http.route: ["/api/${tags.singleValue('version')}"]   # literal text and a placeholder combined
----

> Note that `tags` maps each key to a *list* of values, so use `singleValue` inside a placeholder when a single string is required.  Any CEL string expression is allowed inside `$\{...}`, so values can be composed — for example `$\{tags.singleValue('service.namespace') + '/' + name}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[NOTE] 
====
`tags` maps each key to a *list* of values. Hence, use `singleValue` inside a placeholder when a single string is required. Any CEL string expression is allowed inside `$\{...}` for the values to be composed. For example, `$\{tags.singleValue('service.namespace') + '/' + name}`.
====
```

> The special attribute key `__multi__` expands one CEL *map* expression into several span attributes at once, which is useful when the attribute keys are not known ahead of time.  Its value must be a single `$\{...}` placeholder that evaluates to a `map<string, string>`; each entry of the map becomes one span attribute.  Use `selectPrefix` to turn a set of related tags into attributes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The special attribute key `__multi__` expands one CEL *map* expression into several span attributes at once, which is useful when the attribute keys are not known ahead of time. Its value must be a single `$\{...}` placeholder that evaluates to a `map<string, string>`; each entry of the map becomes one span attribute. Use `selectPrefix` to turn a set of related tags into attributes:
```

[,yaml]
----
attributes:
  __multi__: ["${selectPrefix(tags, 'otel.')}"]   # tags otel.service, otel.version -> attributes service, version
----

> Because attribute keys must be unique, add a numeric suffix (`__multi__1`, `__multi__2`, and so on) when you need more than one such expansion in the same `spanFilter`.  This is the same `__multi__` expansion used in metric queries, where — because PromQL matchers are a list rather than a map — it is written as a plain `__multi__` label matcher with no suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because attribute keys must be unique, add a numeric suffix (`__multi__1`, `__multi__2`, and so on) when you need more than one such expansion in the same `spanFilter`.  This is the same `__multi__` expansion used in metric queries, where the expansion is written as a plain `__multi__` label matcher with no suffix because PromQL matchers are a list rather than a map.
```
Just to make it read a little clearer.
